I never liked Rashad Jennings he don't
have good vision as a running back and
he's slow because you sound like a kid
I'm gonna be polite and encourage you
stay in school
boo Gerald McCoy as lazy as you spell
McCoy MC oh why but I'm the lazy one you
couldn't finish spelling my name
good God Travis Kelce is such a tool and
his TV show sucks ass
Terry Bradshaw looks like someone who is
going to a Halloween party as Terry
Bradshaw that's my friend he just me
over and fancy him you know you had to
jab me right hey Manny is the only NFL
player that looks like the mascot of the
team for which he plays for space
Fletcher Cox is it
you must not know my last name Wyatt al
has such a P word looking face dude
looks like he should be selling shoes at
journey's I probably sell a lot of shoes
at journeys Jarvis Landry has a three
inch penis confirmed by multiple reports
bro Thomas is a one-legged more like
Amari Cooper all right
disappeared Paul hands looks like
something my cat defeated okay dear
email centers you catch the ball when
it's in you damn hands first of all it
doesn't even make sense because if it's
in my hands that mean I caught it his
moustache looks like a young Burt
Reynolds with the height of Sally Fields
doesn't duncan sue ever get tired of
being a total no she looks like you
should be playing bass prince in the
revolution I find it hilarious that a
cue to leave tries to act all hard when
the hardest thing he's ever done we
shoot yourself in the leg hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos